### February 8th:
I am looking forward to learning how to more effiently utilize different libraries on Python for data analysis and Machine Learning. Using the libraries, I am excited for whatever creative process me and my team decide to pursue during the Makeathon, giving us real hands on experience with Artificial Intelligence.

### February 9th: 
1. Supervised and unsupervised learning are both used in analying and predicting data. Supervised learning is when a program is given data which it uses to refine its algorithm, and is then able to reach accurate conclusions when given new data. Unsupervised learning is much more abstract- where the program is simply given data and is required to determine relationships and trends on its own.
2. Scikit Learn focuses more on data modeling (targeted towards machine learning), rather than data visualization. More specificss of the skills in this library include, regression, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, and more. This is often why Pandas, Graphviz, and other data visualization libraries are used in tandem with Scikit Learn.

### February 10th:
1. Tensors are arrays of numbers that can be characterized by magnitude and multiple directions. It is used in Machine Learning for its ability to hold multi-dimensional data. Since all the data fed into a program must be numerical, it is best to utilize tensors to do so.
2. Based on the tutorial, I see that TensorFlow was used to break down the images and classify them based on their qualities. Additionally, it is used to connect different layers of images together, and other data analysis such as defining: loss functions, accuracy metric, and optimizers.

### February 11th:
I would first like to say how fascinated I was when the article discussed how Google employees were able to observe neural networks hallucinating, and produce art. A common phrase mentioned when discussing the threat of AI and supercomputers is that while they will succeed in many fields that humans are a part of, they could never produce art on the same level. However, this does not seem to be the case now. That being said, one way which deep learning can be utilized can be with animal preservation. Many animals are becoming endangered due to loss of their habitat. If we were able to monitor a habit using various surveillance cameras, we can use deep learning to identity the individuals in the species, and monitor any population growth/loss. I imagine that this would utilize pattern recognition for the distinction of each individual of the species, and potentially speech recognition as another level of identification for each animal.

### February 16th:
In the game, the player was asked to select potential employees based on their skillset. As the window for hiring employees reduced, the player had to make fastest judgements about all the potential employees and who to hire. In doing so, the player was unable to consider the diversity of the team. This data was then analyzed by the Machine Learning algorithm which was provided to decrease the hiring speed. While the player may not have realized their unconscious bias while selecting employees, it was much more evident when done by the program.
An example of a biased ML model can be found in many popular ride sharing apps. Apps such as Uber and Lyft use machine lerning madels to forecast which areas will have the highest demand at a given time, and uses data from its drivers. These ride sharing apps often charged a higher price per mile if either the pick up point or destination had a higher percentage of non white residents or low income residents. This model hurts minority groups, and prevents them from having the same opportunties as those from priviledged backgrounds. To combat this, there should be drivers focused on giving rides to those groups that the biases hurt. 

### February 17th:
A Convolutional Neural Network is used in image recognition and computer vision tasks. It is comprised of a pooling mechanism that breaks up the image into attribures that can be analyzed, and a layer that takes these attributes and predicts the best label for the image. Fully connected neural networks require a specific neural for each pixel, which is inefficient when trying to analyze images. These networks depend on neuraons connecting to the neurons of the next layer to eventually lead to the output layer. This contrasts the Convolutional Neural Networks which focus on specific attributes of the image to lead to the output layer.

### February 23rd:
The Rectified Linear activation function is the most common activation function applied in deep learning models. It is less computationally expensive than tanh and sigmoid because it invovles simpler mathematical operations. Additionally, it avoids and rectifies vanishing gradient problems. The ReLu function returns 0 if it receives any megative input, but returns any value if it is positive. Therefore, the function itself is quite simple ( f(x)=max(0,x)). While ReLu is a function composed of two linear pieces, it can be used to account for non-linearities as well, allowing it to be a more versitile function. It also has variations(Leaky ReLU and ELU) which are variations of ReLU that can make some some networks more efficient. ReLU can be used in speech recognition and computer vision models using deep neural nets.
